All right, I’m ready to adjust some stuff on a few pages, especially when it comes to the mobile interface. Some of the spacing and sizing of cards and fonts, as well as headers and filtration blocks just don’t look good aren’t readable or legible, or look too cramped and uncomfortable. That needs to be addressed so that way that information looks more appealing and comfortable, namely, the projects and contact pages. Those need to be uniform In their general look and feel, granted that they have different information and different filters and dashboard, pills and stuff, but they still can be designed to look the same.
I think one thing that would help as well is giving  that row with the column titles a black background in white text that way it breaks up some of the white background that is up at the top as well as to route the Paige. Right now, it is hard to read because there is so much white background that everything just looks the same. Granite this looks a little bit better on the Web version, but on the mobile version it doesn't therefore we adjust for the mobile and tablet versions, should also adjust for the Webb version they should always have the same continuity and design approaches.



Production 

Regarding production, when a project is in the production mode, I needed to be a bit more clear if there are more than one items available for production in this project. Ideally at the bottom, it would have some kind of toggle between items. For example, if I'm working on item number one and there are three items in the invoice, there could be a toggle button that says start item number two of three. And then when I'm on item number two, the toggle buttons would show on the left-hand side item number 103 and then the button on the right side would show item number three or three. I need better language there. I don't want that exact language on those buttons, but I think if the numbers correlated to the number of items that needed to actually be produced, that would be really helpful. 
When an item is done, if there are more than one items available for production, the taco buttons need to be available and needs to be swipe ball or mobile device devices and tablet devices so they can swipe between items on an invoice. But when the last thing is done or when an invoice only has one item and production is marked completed, then it should redirect back to the overall projects page. 

Catalog Page

The catalog page on the Mobile version doesn't look good. The spacing in the sizing of the catalog pills, as well as the buttons and the text doesn't seem to fit well with the Mobile ux. We need to get all that stuff sized appropriately.
Additionally, The toggle between wholesale vendors tab and the client facing tab for the same vendor catalogs doesn't make sense. We need to come up with a better way to do that from the same page. It doesn't make sense to have duplicate catalogs. I think something smarter would be to have these both managed from the same page and then having a spot where certain catalogs can be enabled for client hub viewing. 
Further, on that page, I noticed that there is not an easy way to add more catalogs or to bulk edit. Like remove or bulk at catalogs. I think that would be really helpful. The best location for this kind of thing should be up at the top of that page. Similar to how we have a button on the Contacts page to add a new contact, it's really easy to make that addition. But I think there should also be an… Button that operates like a drawer of options or bulk, adding bulk deleting and editing vendors. Even downloading the information that we have for the vendors into a CSV file or an Excel document where it would download the name of the vendor, the description of the vendor, the URL for the website and the client facing URL. It should be obvious too, that one of the options should also be a bulk upload of vendors and it should be able to accept a CSV or Excel document. When somebody clicks on uploading vendors, there should be a link that gives an updated CSP example that somebody can't download and it would have all of the headers of the kind of information that we need to have for the vendors list the goal of this would be to make it easier for the person doing the upload so they don't have to re-create spreadsheet every single time. That sample document the updated other details or vendors are ever required.