The action "Revert to Quoted" doesn't work in Projects section. It also doesnt work in the hamburger icon on the bottom left corner of Quote Details. The other functions in that dropdown button dont work appropriately either: Save & Lock (no longer needed), Export to Sheets (does nothing), Export to PDF (shows a print screen of just that dropdown), Print (shows a print screen of just that dropdown). Both Export to PDF and Print should give the quote details broken down onto a condensed format. Export to Pdf should be a clean, presentable PDF with all details. Print should automatically generate that same PDf but pull up the print dialogue box. The Export to Sheets will be a feature we work with later with an integration. Leave that one for now.

The Quote Details page, the Line Items, Pricing Summary, and Sales Tracking sections need to have equal padding. There is a huge gap in between Pricing Summary and Sales Tracking right now. The text "Applicator" in the Line Items is doing a weird text wrap. It doesnt need to do so. Keep in mind that these changes need to also be mobile and tablet friendly. 

It also appears like you forgot to do these things I asked you to earlier: 
In the Quote Details section, I want the look and feel to match the New Quote look and feel - for example, each line item header is black and stands out and are collapsible. The details are much more clear and organized. I want that to translate and be just as simple and clear in the actual Quote Details section. The pricing summary should also match the same colors and layout as in the quote details. I want it to be synonymous across the board - the more it all looks and feels the same visually, the easier it is to track and understand the details. The Production button should say "Start Production". 

At the bottom of the Quote Details section, the hambuger elipsis button, the "Start Production" button, and the "Mark as Active" button should have a better layout. For example, functionally, when I click mark as active, I dont want to go back to the Quoted screen. I want to stay on that Quote. Then, to the right of that button should be the Start Production button (ideally with a heat press icon instead of a printer icon).