In the action toolbar you just created for Projects that are selected, the Activate Complete, Revert to Quoted functions do not work. Activate should be "Convert to Active" and have same functionality as the Convert to Active function in the drop down of the actions column. Complete should auto complete all line items in a project and follow the same protocols as a completed project. Revert to Quoted should follow the same functionality as the Revert to Quoted function in the drop down of the actions column. Additionally, if multiple Projects are selected that have various statuses (example: 1 Completed and 2 Active are selected; the function selected should apply to all Projects selected. So if i hit "Completed" all projects selected should Complete). 

There is a hierarchy to the Statuses though. Quoted is the bottom, then Active, then Production Started (we need to add this one and projects change to this when "Start Production" button is selected in the Quote Details), then Completed which is the top of the hierarchy. When multiple Projects are selected like in the example i gave above and there are multiple statuses selected, the system should try and protect the top tier. I think it would be wise to incorporate a smart popup that alerts you when multiple project statuses will be affected. If one does go through with the adjustment, we should preserve the activity information about each project 

In the Quote Details section, the Mark as Active, Track Costs and Start Production buttons are too large. I need them to be the same size as the Exit Production and Complete Project buttons in Production Mode view.
When the button "Start Production" is selected, at the top of the next screen, I want it to be titled "Production Mode".
Also, when the Start Production button is selected, it should go right into production mode. It doesn't need to create the new screen (see attached #2). This screen is redundant. However, the flow that follows once I select a line item is EXTREMELY needed! I think we can go right to this screen for "Production Mode". This can either be its own screen or an overlay above the Quote Details page when in Production Mode. It should still be titled "Production Mode" at the top - and we need to preserve the size of the mockup and the detials like we already worked to create. 

If you need clarity on what im asking, please ask.