I'd really like the upload image spot in the mockup area to be a drag to upload feature OR click to upload image. 

When working on a quote, I want the system to be able to recall the information I was typing in unless its submitted or I "clear the form" or write over it. 

For 2XL tees, shirts are $2.00 more. For 3XL and 4XL tees, shirts are $3.00 more typically. I want a way in the garment and sizes section, to be able to see this reflected and to also see this reflected in the overall product cost as well too!

In the Quote Summary section, the Subtotal and Online Fee lines are a weird red color - let's make that black. 
I'd like to have the Quote Total section in the Quote Summary as well as the Cost of Goods and Markup lines to standout a bit more. I like how Garment & Sizes section as well as Line Item Subtotal both have backgrounds. Can we create a way to do this in this area? Also, the words "Cost Breakdown" are not necessary because we have the words "Quote Summary". 

In the Quote Details section, I want the look and feel to match the New Quote look and feel - for example, each line item header is black and stands out and are collapsible. The details are much more clear and organized. I want that to translate and be just as simple and clear in the actual Quote Details section. The pricing summary should also match the same colors and layout as in the quote details. I want it to be synonymous across the board - the more it all looks and feels the same visually, the easier it is to track and understand the details. The Production button should say "Start Production". 

At the bottom of the Quote Details section, the hambuger elipsis button, the "Start Production" button, and the "Mark as Active" button should have a better layout. For example, functionally, when I click mark as active, I dont want to go back to the Quoted screen. I want to stay on that Quote. Then, to the right of that button should be the Start Production button (ideally with a heat press icon instead of a printer icon).

The entire Production view is out of whack. Everything is too spread out and I cant scroll or see all the details. The details I can see (such as # Sizes) is not clear and is not the same layout or information as the Quote Details. Clicking "Next" and "Previous" doesnt do anything. And the 1 of 2 button in the left corner is confusing. The mark complete button for a project with two or more line items is clunky - that button needs to be at the bottom of each line item on the left hand side, along with the "Complete Project" button on the right. If Complete Project is clicked, but not all line items are completed, the system should prompt what is needed to be completed. There should also be a "Save" button somewhere so that when clicked, it would take someone back to the whole project and out of production mode. I need a better way to see what Line Items are in a project when i am in production mode as well. If things are too spread out or unclear, this wont be helpful or functional. 